you're what's up gasps Joe from the
pixel nerds here I've been thinking long
and hard about a video that I wanted to
bring you out for you guys that is not
the reason why we haven't done a video
and so long but boom hear that here is
the video this is the video of my
journey on the highs and lows i
withstood in order to find out the
secret of breaking bedrock so my first
stop on this journey to break bedrock
was of course where everybody would have
looked the minecraft wiki page for
bedrock and this is where I learned the
first interesting fact that bedrock is
otherwise known as a dominium or other
variations see I have never heard
anybody call it that and then the next
interesting thing popped up which is
right in the obtaining thing the
obtaining section underneath properties
says it can never be removed without
using mods or creative mode now this
probably would have stopped many a weak
hearted soul not me I knew that it's
still possible no matter what minecraft
wiki says the first person I
subsequently went to was my good friend
Matt Thomas minecrafted however you know
him and he told me this about what he
knew about breaking bedrock do I know
how to destroy bedrock in my cup yeah
that's the question legitimately like in
survival mode yeah we you can't bro
having thought that Matt would have been
able to provide me with some kind of
useful answer on how to seemingly split
the atom I was left thinking who'd be
the next best person in the know to ask
hmmm and who better than the redstone
genius himself Sethbling so I hit him up
on skype saying hey man don't mean to be
a bother just wondering if there was a
way to bait to break bedrock in
Minecraft any answers appreciated thanks
and then he puts not without creative
mode she's a bit of a dampener on my
plans but then again he didn't create
the game so we're gonna have to go even
higher now the last person I asked in
this sort of research stage you might
have heard of him it's dinner bone
anyway and you might also be asking how
the hell did Joe from the pixel nerds
get dinner bone on skype well it was
back in the days when we all tested the
team fortress 2 minecraft map for
sethbling anyway that's besides the
point I asked him whether it is possible
to break bedrock so pop up to dinner
bone on skype I'm like hey man you know
about Minecraft don't mean to but
they're mean to be a bother just
wondering if there was a way to bait
bedrock in survival any answer is
appreciated he replies back with a very
simple for would answer yeah well guys
as you know I don't take lightly to
defeat so i'm going to show you the way
which I found to break bedrock totally
legit in survival mode now there are a
few sort of restrictions which you've
got to do the first one it's got to be a
full moon this gives you minecraft
character the power of the werewolf the
second thing you need to do to make it
legit is just to quickly pop into game
dude zero she's brilliant and obviously
I've got this piece of bedrock clear out
of space this works underground as long
art raining that is another sort of bit
which ass has to be raining as well full
moon raining there's a bedrock piece
okay what you've got to do is you've got
to get a diamond pickaxe it can be any
diamond pickaxe don't need seeds and not
for the red bedrock breaking and you
soak it in a stream isn't connected to
any salt water so just like a nice
little lake so give it a nice soak pick
that back up and it's good to go chicken
for good look you ready guys so this
full moon is there it's just vanished
behind cloud this is how you break
bedrock so there you have it anyway
thanks guys for watching this video and
if you do if you've enjoyed it a likes
always appreciated subscribe if you want
to you don't have to i don't really mind
if you don't anyway thank you to Matt
Sethbling and dinner bone for all
responding to my stupid utterly stupid
skype messages and just general comment
anyway guys thanks again post in the
comments if you want more don't if you
don't love you pop of a piece